Diátaxis edits: Braze Data Transformation (#8026)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/data_transformation/creating_a_transformation.md

    return brazecall;
    ```

2. Transformations for `/catalogs` destinations require a `catalog_name` to define the specific catalog to update. You can hard code this field or template the field with a webhook field via a payload line. Use dot notation to access payload object properties.<br><br>
3. Define which items you’d like to update in the catalog with the `id` fields in the items array. You can hard code these fields, or template in a webhook field via a payload line. <br><br> Keep in mind, `catalog_column` is a placeholder value. Be sure item objects only contain fields that exist in the catalog.<br><br>

> 4. Select **Validate** to return a preview of your code’s output and to check if it is an acceptable request for the [Update multiple catalog items endpoint]({{sitebaseurl}}/api/endpoints/catalogs/catalog_items/asynchronous/put_update_catalog_items).<br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **Validate** to return a preview of your code’s output and to check if it is an acceptable request for the [Update multiple catalog items endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/catalogs/catalog_items/asynchronous/put_update_catalog_items).<br><br>
```

Reviewer: The tabs aren't working, but I think that might be because the relative URL is missing a period 🤔
